Fix create sbom tutorial  link path in README.md (#155)
kubernetes-sigs/bom: README.md

support when scanning git repositories.

For more in-depth instructions on how to create an SBOM for your project, see

> ["Generating a Bill of Materials for Your Project"](/docs/content/en/Tutorials/creating_bill_of_materials.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
["Generating a Bill of Materials for Your Project"](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/bom/tutorials/creating_bill_of_materials/).
```
